Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 8) (#15337)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/3/index.md

- **Find toolbar.** The Find toolbar now opens with the current selection.
- **Plugin management.** Users can now disable individual plugins in the Add-on Manager.
- **Integration with Windows Vista.** Firefox's menus now display using Vista's native theme.

> - **Integration with macOS.** Firefox now supports [Growl](https://growl.github.io/growl/) for notifications of completed downloads and available updates.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Integration with Mac OS X.** Firefox now supports [Growl](https://growl.github.io/growl/) for notifications of completed downloads and available updates.
```
